Moveit.ai update (#881)
moveit/moveit.ros.org: index.markdown

                                </a>
                            </div>
                            <h1>Moving robots into&nbsp;the&nbsp;future</h1>

>                             <p class="main-text">MoveIt is widely-used and ideal for students,<br/> high schools and universities.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            <p class="main-text">A motion planning, manipulation, and kinematics framework for ROS,<br/>
                            ideal for students and researchers.</p>
```

                                </a>
                            </div>
                            <h1>Moving robots into&nbsp;the&nbsp;future</h1>
                            <p class="main-text">A motion planning, manipulation, and kinematics framework for ROS,<br/>

>                             ideal for students and researchers.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            ideal for students and university researchers.</p>
```
